Opra Winfrey, queen of
American television and public enemy number
one of the British royal family. Ah, the
British family is also
against her. Opra has many
enemies. Oh, she has announced her new
projects and has spoken about
Kate Middleton's health. Bombs that Opra
Winfrey has dropped. Bombshell number one is
preparing a documentary about the
British royal family with the help of Harry and
Megan. She has echoed
Kate Middleton's health by stating two things.
One, that she could have left
the hospital in a wheelchair. And two,
was Kate Middleton really in the hospital?
Was Kate Middleton in the hospital,
man? I think that obviously yes. I
mean, what I do believe is that they
took her out through the other building. I do
believe that because it is quite convincing.
Bombshell number three, she and her publishing house
are going to publish.